Digital Collectible License Agreement
1.0 - PARTIES
This Digital Collectible License Agreement ("Agreement") dated [__], 2022 ("Effective Date”) is a legally binding agreement between XXXXX, residing at [__] ("Artist") and [__], a [__] corporation (“Company”) setting forth the terms of license and use of the Work (as defined below).
The Artist and Buyer agree and acknowledge that the sale of the Digital Collectible will conducted on the Platform (as defined below) as developed, hosted and offered by the Company on the [__] blockchain and is subject to its terms of service, including definitions, provided in the [applicable weblink] on the Platform (as amended from time to time, the “Terms”). 
By using or accessing the Platform, the Artist and the Company acknowledge reading and agreeing to the Terms, including any content, functionality, and services offered on or through the Platform. By using the Platform, the Buyer and Artist accept and agree to be bound and abide by the Terms and all of the terms incorporated herein by reference. By agreeing to the Terms, the Artist and Buyer certify that they are each of contractually acceptable age-groups (18+) and if the Artist and Buyer do not agree to the Terms, they will each avoid accessing or using the Platform.  
2.0 - CONVEYANCE OF RIGHTS
2.1 For the purpose of this Agreement, the "Test Song 1" ("Digital Collectible") means the Collectible (including its applicable metadata) created by Artist embodying his/her Work on [__] (www.[__]), Collectible marketplace, website and platform for sale of digital assets developed by the Company ("Platform"). For clarity and the avoidance of doubt, in the event of a conflict between the terms of this Agreement and Terms of the Platform, the Terms of the Platform shall control to the extent applicable. 
2.2 This Digital Collectible embodies or represents a song consisting of a musical composition (i.e. notes and lyrics) titled “Test composition no.1” (the "Composition") which Composition is embodied in a master recording (i.e. a recorded performance of the Composition) (the "Master") as combined with certain artwork created, owned, licensed and/or controlled by Artist (the "Artwork"). As used herein, the Master, Composition, and Artwork embodied in the Digital Collectible (i.e. as opposed to the Digital Collectible itself) are sometimes collectively referred to herein as the "Work". 
2.3 Additionally, the Digital Collectible may, but is not guaranteed to, include or entitle its current owner to benefits such as off-chain assets, exclusive access to certain events or websites, or "air-drop" benefits, as determined from time to time by Artist in partnership with the Company ("Added Digital Collectible Benefits"). The Digital Collectible may be acquired by end-users through primary sale on the Platform, or by subsequent sale or transfer from legitimate sources, subject to the Terms.
2.4 Subject to and conditional upon your compliance with these Terms, Artist grants to the end-user purchaser/owner/recipient of the Digital Collectible on the Platform (“Collector(s)”), the following limited rights with respect to the Digital Collectible (together the " Digital Collectible Rights"):
2.5 Artist hereby grants to Collector a non-exclusive, worldwide license to access and/or display the Digital Collectible, solely for personal, non-commercial purposes. For clarity, when Collector acquires the Digital Collectible, Collector owns all personal property rights to the Digital Collectible (e.g., the right to freely sell or transfer the Digital Collectible), however such rights do NOT include the ownership of, or any other rights to use or exploit, the Work, the intellectual property rights contained in the Work, or Artist's name or likeness. For clarity, The Digital Collectible is separate and distinct from the Work, and Collector's purchase of the Digital Collectible shall not grant Collector any specific rights to the Work itself (including, without limitation, copyrights, or exploitation rights) as more fully set forth in section 2 below. Artist hereby grants a perpetual, irrevocable, world-wide, exclusive license to the Platform to create and/or display the Digital Collectible, to conduct its marketplace activities on the Platform (including any marketing/promotional activities, such as ‘airdrops’) (“Platform License”).
2.4 Please read carefully before proceeding. This is a binding legal contract and affects each parties’ rights.
2.4.1 EACH PARTY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT BY ACQUIRING THE LICENSE TO THE WORK AND DIGITAL COLLECTIBLE, EACH PARTY IS AGREEING TO BE LEGALLY BOUND BY ALL OF THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, WHICH INCLUDE LIMITATIONS ON USE, DISCLAIMERS OF WARRANTY, AND LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY.
2.4.2 Artist represents and warrants that the Work does not infringe any proprietary rights or copyrights of third-parties.
2.4.3 Artist does not represent and warrant that third parties have not created or downloaded their own copies of the Work, or that third parties will not attempt to sell their own Digital Collectibles s featuring such Work. Artist has no obligation to take down any other Digital Collectibles s featuring such Work.
2.4.3 Except for the license granted in this section, Artist retains all right, title, and interest in and to the Work (i.e. all rights in and to the Work not expressly provided for in this Agreement are hereby reserved by Artist.) The Company acknowledges and agrees that (a) this Agreement does not convey any rights in the Master, Composition, or Artwork, or any other rights, interests, revenues or royalties earned from their commercial exploitation (specifically including, but not limited to, publishing royalties, licensing fees, or streaming revenues), and (b) this Agreement does not convey to the Company any right to use the name, image or likeness of Artist; provided that the Company may use Artist's name as necessary to accurately describe the Digital Collectibles.
2.4.4 Only limited personal non-commercial use and resale rights in the Digital Collectible are granted to the Collector, and the Collector have no right to license, commercially exploit, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works, publicly perform, or publicly display the Digital Collectible or the Work contained therein. All copyright and other rights contained in the Digital Collectible or Work are reserved by the Artist and not granted to any third party, including the Collector and the Company.
2.4.5 For clarity, a "non-commercial license" means that Collector may sell the Digital Collectible on a secondary market, but shall not have the right to engage in any of the other following commercial activities: (i) make money by charging tickets or licensing fees to third parties for the right to view, listen to, or use the Digital Collectible; (ii) publicly perform or broadcast the Digital Collectible at an event for profit or a place of business; (iii) incorporate the Digital Collectible into any other product or service that generates a profit; (iv) use the Digital Collectible to promote any other person, product, or business. For further avoidance of doubt, Collector may only profit from the Digital Collectible by reselling the Digital Collectible in its entirety on a secondary market.
2.4.6 For clarity, not modifying the Digital Collectible or preparing "derivative works" means that the Collector shall not have the right to engage in any of the following activities: (i) use the Work (i.e. Master, Composition, and Artwork) from the Digital Collectible in any manner separate and apart from the Digital Collectible as a whole; (ii) distort, recolor, reformat, or otherwise change the "look and feel" of the Digital Collectible or (iii) create "remixes", "alternate versions", "prequels/sequels" or other ancillary content that references the Digital Collectible (including any specific themes or characters contained therein).
2.4.7 To the extent applicable and provided for under existing law, Artist will be entitled to all public performance income generated in connection with the public performances and/or digital transmissions of the Work, if any.
2.5 In consideration of the Platform Licensed offered to the Company by the Artist, the Company hereby agrees to pay the Artist an all-inclusive sum of $[__] (USD [__]) (“License Fee”). The mode of payment shall be in form of [wire transfer/cryptocurrency transfer].
3.0 - REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
3.1 Artist hereby represents and warrants that they are the sole and exclusive owner or authorized licensee of all right, title and interest (including, without limitation, the copyright) in the Work embodied in the Digital Collectible and that the Collector's use of the Digital Collectible in accordance with this Agreement will not violate the rights of any third party or entity.
3.2 The Company represents and warrants that the code in the actual Digital Collectible, commonly known as the "smart contract," will, to the extent applicable, be consistent with what the parties have agreed to in this Agreement or otherwise as provided in the Terms.
3.3 The Company represents and warrants that they will not use the Digital Collectible outside of the rights granted herein.
3.4 Each party represents and warrants that they will not use the Digital Collectible or Artist's name, image, or likeness in any manner that is disparaging, misleading, or likely to cause Artist public embarrassment, humiliation, or ridicule, or in any manner that would reasonably be viewed to constitute an endorsement by Artist of any third party product or service.
3.5 This Agreement constitutes the entire and only agreement and understanding between the parties concerning the subject matter hereof and all other prior negotiations, agreements, representations and understandings, whether oral or written (other than the terms and conditions of any applicable Platform where the Digital Collectible is exchanged), are superseded hereby.
3.6 This Agreement is binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the respective successors and/or assigns of the parties hereto.
The terms of this Agreement don’t just apply to Artist and the Company, they also carry forward to whoever owns the Digital Collectible in the future, including the Collector, assuming it is not in conflict with the terms and conditions of subsequent marketplaces and platforms.
4.0 - JURISDICTION
This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, irrespective of the choice of law principles.
5.0 - TAXES
Each party is solely responsible for its own applicable federal, state, provincial, and local taxes arising from the License Fee.
6.0 - ARBITRATION
If there is a disagreement between Artist and Collector concerning the interpretation of this Agreement, the parties shall use reasonable efforts to resolve their dispute directly prior to resorting to alternative legal remedies. In the event the parties are unable to resolve their dispute directly, any controversy or claim arising out of, or relating to, this Agreement shall be settled by arbitration conducted by the American Arbitration Association (AAA) under its Commercial Arbitration Rules (or such substitute provisions therefore then in effect). Any such arbitration shall be conducted in the State of Delaware. The arbitration of such issues, including the determination of the amount of any damages suffered by any party hereof by reason of the acts or omissions of another shall be to the exclusion of any court of law except as set forth below. The decision of the arbitrator shall be final and binding on all parties and their respective heirs, executors, administrators, successors, and assigns. Any action to secure a judicial confirmation of the arbitration award may be brought in any state or federal court of competent jurisdiction.
7.0 - BREACH
In the event of breach or alleged breach of this Agreement by Artist, either party’s rights will be limited to those at law for money damages. In no event will either party have the right to seek or obtain injunctive or other equitable relief.
Before either party can be deemed to be in breach of this Agreement the other party must give written notice and the party receiving that notice has 10 business days to "cure" the breach identified in that notice. All notices for the Company, shall be sent to [__] and in respect of the Artist, shall be sent to [__].
8.0 - INDEMNIFICATION
Each party will indemnify, defend and hold harmless one another from and against any and all claims, causes of action, liabilities, damages, losses, costs and expenses arising out of or related to any material breach of any provision in this Agreement.
9.0 - MISCELLANEOUS
9.1 By creating the Digital Collectible, the Artist agrees to pay all applicable fees and, if applicable, the Artist authorizes the Platform to automatically deduct fees (including any transaction fees, or so-called "Gas Fees", as applicable) directly from Artist's payments for the transaction or subsequent transactions.
9.2 EACH PARTY UNDERSTANDS AND ASSUMES THE RISKS INHERENT IN ANY BLOCKCHAIN TRANSACTION AND AGREES THAT ARTIST WILL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY FOR ANY LOSS, AND TAKES NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR, AND WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR, ANY IMPROPER USE OF THE DIGITAL COLLECTIBLE INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY LOSSES, DAMAGES OR CLAIMS ARISING FROM: (I) USER ERROR SUCH AS FORGOTTEN PASSWORDS, LOST PRIVATE KEYS, INCORRECTLY CONSTRUCTED TRANSACTIONS, OR MISTYPED WALLET ADDRESSES; (II) SERVER FAILURE OR DATA LOSS; (III) CORRUPTED CRYPTOCURRENCY WALLET FILES; (IV)OR (V) ANY UNAUTHORIZED THIRD PARTY ACTIVITIES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE USE OF VIRUSES, PHISHING, BRUTEFORCING OR OTHER MEANS OF ATTACK AGAINST THE BLOCKCHAIN NETWORK UNDERLYING THE DIGITAL COLLECTIBLE.
9.3 This Agreement sets forth the entire agreement and understanding of the parties relating to the subject matter herein and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous disclosures, discussions, understandings and agreements, whether oral of written, between them.
9.4 Neither this Agreement nor the rights contained herein may be assigned, by operation of law or otherwise, by either party without the prior written consent of the other party.
9.5 In the event any one or more of the provisions of this Agreement is for any reason held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, in whole or in part or in any respect, or in the event that any one or more of the provisions of this Agreement operate or would prospectively operate to invalidate this Agreement, then and in any such event, only such provision(s) will be deemed null and void and will not affect any other provision of this Agreement and the remaining provisions of this instrument will remain operative and in full force and effect and will not be affected, prejudiced, or disturbed thereby.
9.6 In no event shall the Company be responsible or liable for any failure or delay in the performance of its obligations hereunder arising out of or caused by, directly or indirectly, forces beyond its control, including, without limitation, strikes, work stoppages, accidents, acts of war or terrorism, civil or military disturbances, nuclear or natural catastrophes or acts of God, and interruptions, loss or malfunctions of utilities, communications or computer (software and hardware) services; it being understood that the Company shall use reasonable efforts which are consistent with accepted practices in the digital asset industry to resume performance as soon as practicable under the circumstances.
9.7 This agreement shall be legally binding and all signatures including electronic signatures are permitted.
[Signature Page Follows]
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Agreement to be duly executed and delivered as on the Effective Date.
 
For and on behalf of
[__]
 


By:                                                    	     	

Name: 

Title: 

Address:

Email: 


For and on behalf of
ARTIST


By:                                                    	     	

Name: 

Title: 

Address:

Email: 

