DIGITAL CONTENT LICENSE AGREEMENT

Read these terms and conditions carefully before using or purchasing the Digital Content from the Licensor. By using or purchasing the Digital Content from the Licensor, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement. If you do not accept the terms and conditions in this Agreement, do not use or purchase the Digital Content from the Licensor.

THIS DIGITAL CONTENT LICENSE (the 'Agreement') dated this {date} (the “Effective Date”) by and between:
1.	{daoName, daoAddress} (the 'Licensor'); and
2.	{msg.sender} (the 'Licensee')
(individually the 'Party' and collectively the 'Parties')

IN CONSIDERATION OF the Licensor providing the Digital Content to the Licensee and the Licensee paying the Licensor the Purchase Price, and other valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which consideration is hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree as follows:

Digital Content
1.	The Licensor owns and is providing to the Licensee the digital content described below (the 'Digital Content): {token contract and id}

License
2.	The Digital Content is the property of the Licensor and is copyrighted by law. The Digital Content shall not be copied, published, or used in any way except as provided for in this Agreement. The Licensor reserves the right to use the Digital Content on the Licensor’s website and for the Licensor’s own marketing or advertising purposes.
3.	The Licensor will provide the Digital Content to the Licensee from  {contract timestamp} to {Trade.expiry} (such period, the 'License Term'). Licensor reserves the right to modify the duration of the License Term.

Permitted Use
4.	The Licensee shall only use the Digital Content in accordance with this Agreement.
5.	The Licensee shall use the Digital Content for personal, non-commercial use only, and subject to the restrictions on use set out in this Agreement (the 'Permitted Use') for the duration of the License Term.
6.	Personal, non-commercial use means the Licensee may display the Digital Content on their personal computers and may print the Digital Content for personal use. The Licensee may also display the Digital Content on their personal websites, social media, and any other Internet presence. .

Restrictions on Use
8.	The Licensee shall not resell, sub-licence or redistribute the Digital Content except as provided for in this Agreement.
9.	The Licensee shall not use the Digital Content in a commercial manner to earn money, for marketing or advertising purposes, or in a trade mark, except as provided for in this Agreement.
10.	The Licensee shall not use the Digital Content in an obscene, defamatory or immoral way.
11.	The Licensee shall not use, and shall not allow to be used, the Digital Content for any purposes prohibited by the laws of {jurisdiction}.
12.	The Licensee shall not alter the Digital Content in any way.
13.	The Licensee shall not allow others to use the Digital Content and shall not use the Digital Content in a way that allows others to download or redistribute the Digital Content except in accordance with this Agreement.

Price
14.	The Licensee will pay {Trade.payment in units of Trade.currency} (the 'Purchase Price'), for the Permitted Use of the Digital Content.
Warranties
16.	The Licensor warrants that the Licensor is entitled to grant the use of the Digital Content described in this Agreement, and that this Agreement does not infringe the rights of third parties.
17.	

Liability & Indemnity
18.	The Licensor will not be liable for any third party claims, losses, damages, liabilities, penalties, punitive damages, expenses, legal fees or costs of any kind or amount whatsoever resulting from the Licensee’s use of the Digital Content.
19.	The Licensee agrees to defend, indemnify and hold harmless the Licensor and its officers, employees, agents and suppliers against any and all claims, losses, damages, liabilities, penalties, punitive damages, expenses, reasonable legal fees and costs of any kind or amount whatsoever resulting from or arising out of the unauthorized use of the Digital Content by the Licensee, or its officers, employees, agents or suppliers, or the Licensee's breach of this Agreement.

Expiry or Termination
20.	This Agreement will expire on {Trade.expiry} , or unless otherwise terminated for any of the reasons set out below.
21.	This Agreement shall terminate immediately upon the failure of the Licensee to comply with the terms and conditions herein.


24.	Upon expiry or termination of this Agreement, the Licensee shall discontinue the use of the Digital Content.

Intellectual Property Rights
25.	The Licensor retains all intellectual property rights in the Digital Content, including the sole copyright to the Digital Content. Nothing in this Agreement shall operate to transfer, assign or otherwise grant any party any right or interest in the Licensor's intellectual property rights or affect ownership by the Licensor of intellectual property rights with regard to the Digital Content.
26.	Any use, under any conditions not specifically allowed for in this Agreement, may constitute a violation of the copyright laws of {jurisdiction}or international copyright agreements.
27.	The Licensee shall not falsely represent that they are the original creator of the Digital Content.

Export Laws
28.	In order to purchase a license for the Digital Content, the Licensee must be in compliance with applicable export laws.
29.	The Licensee shall not ship, transfer or export the Digital Content to any country in a manner prohibited by the laws of {jurisdiction} or use it in any manner prohibited by the laws of {jurisdiction}.

Severability
31.	If any terms or provisions of this Agreement are determined to be invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, the remainder of this Agreement will not be affected and each unaffected term and provision will remain in full force and effect.

Governing Law
32.	This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of {jurisdiction}, without regard to the jurisdiction in which any action may be instituted. The Licensee agrees to submit to the {jurisdiction} to bring any action or for the enforcement of this Agreement. Notwithstanding, the Licensor reserves the right to commence legal action to obtain injunctive relief in any court of competent jurisdiction.

Assignment
33.	The Licensee may not assign or transfer the Agreement or any rights granted without the prior written consent of the Licensor, and any attempted assignment or delegation without such consent will be void.
34.	The Agreement will inure to the benefit and be binding upon the Licensor and the Licensee and their respective successors and assigns.

Agreement of Parties
35.	This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the Licensor and the Licensee with respect to the subject matter hereof and there are no further items or provisions, either oral or otherwise.
